[Music]
okay so this video is a follow-up or
a response to the theft commentary or
like the anti-theft commentary that i
saw a lot of
in my previous air tags video so air
tags are very easy to set up
they are a great tool for finding lost
or like misplaced items and they're just
a very
appally experience for people that are
looking for a product like this
right but they have a couple features
that are relatively unique
and one particular is the anti-stalker
feature that's not the official name but
there is a feature that's built into air
tags in the
find my app such that if there is a
unwanted or unknown air tag
that's following you it will notify you
and there was concern about this because
people are saying
if if that is real right if this tag
is not yours and it's following you and
you're being notified of its presence
doesn't that allow a thief to be able to
steal items that are air tagged
very easily right so in theory if you're
stealing a bike
right and this is hidden underneath the
saddle and you're writing off with it
and you have a phone an iphone wouldn't
it notify you that there's an error tag
somewhere on the device that you just
stole and it'll give you instructions to
locate it you can make it play a sound
you can physically disable it by
removing the battery there's a lot of
things that would make it seem
very easy for thieves to disable the
whole system
but it turns out apple's given some
thought to this and there are more
details to this process there's an
element of
logic or programmed logic to the
behavior so the way that it works is
that
this app to find my app and the tracker
it'll recognize if there's an unknown
tracker or unknown air tag that's
keeping up with your movements
it'll recognize that but it won't notify
you right away what it'll do is it'll
wait
it'll wait until you get home or to a a
location of significance and
only then will it inform you that
this unknown tracker has been following
you or has been within your proximity
while you moved
so if stalker man x decides to slip an
air tag into your bag
and you start traveling around it won't
notify you about this
foreign air tag until you get home and
that home
location is based on the address that
you have in your address book
and the reason why they do this i think
is well there's a couple of reasons
number one
so that people don't panic right imagine
you're out on the subway and you see
this notification suddenly it'd be it'd
be a very unsettling experience be out
in public and you see this thing you're
like what is going on like what what's
on me what's tracking me
but the other thing is that by having
this this checkpoint so you have to get
home
before it does this notification it
removes a whole bunch of false negatives
right if you're
on a public transportation anything like
a plane or a train or places where
there's a lot of air techs potentially a
lot of air tags
you would just get notifications like
crazy even if you go to school like
what if there's all these kids that
whose parents stuff air tags into them
your notifications be going off like
crazy right but they wait for
the phone to get to its home location
and at that point it's it does a check
like is that thing still following you
and if it is that's a great time to be
notified
now the downside to this is that if
you're being tracked maliciously
you are not made aware of it immediately
you have to wait till you get home and
only then you get the notification
but the benefit to it the big benefit to
it is that it allows the air tags to
maintain some degree of
theft deterrence so in the scenario of
theft
let's say you're a bad guy you're
stealing a car or a bike or you grab
someone's backpack and
those items or the item has an air tag
in it
the thief isn't made aware of this air
tag unless he or she brings it to their
home
if they're so bold enough to bring a
stolen item to their home
but the whole time that it's traveling
there the owner of the stolen item would
be able to track it
on their app which is a good thing now
clearly this isn't perfect
right in both cases the malicious
tracking case
and the scenario of theft it's not
perfect right they've had to they've had
to balance it like this because the
two features like anti-theft and
anti-stocking rely on the same
technology to
allow or prevent one another so
i think they've reached a pretty decent
balance now keep in mind
air tags are meant for finding things
and not really geared as like an
anti-theft tool all the marketing
material all the ads
they're showing people finding lost or
misplaced items right even the
accessories for
attaching these clips to your stuff are
designed in a way to facilitate
finding stuff more so than deterring
theft but there you have it the air tags
now these ones in particular are covered
with these pastel dbrand skins they kind
of identify
the batch as well as protect the silver
finish if you want to keep
the metal unscratched but that's
basically it
i think these are excellent tools for
finding stuff but
if you're looking at purchasing a bunch
and like thinking they'd be 25
low jacks for every item that you own to
be able to like
deter theft across the board i don't
think they're really for that
and they're not great at that okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]
you